README.md, before:

# ONE ROOM

Developed for the September/October [Game Creators Club](https://game-creators-club.itch.io/) at Lusofona University, with theme "One Room".

## Game


## Todo

* Actions
  * Pickup object
  * Run animation
* Inventory System
  * Lamp
  * Key
* Puzzle Logic system
  * Open drawer
  * Get bulb
  * Use bulb on lamp
  * Pickup key
  * Use key on door
  * Door open
* Display inventory
* Design game
* VR

## Art

- [90's Bedroom](https://www.fab.com/listings/0d3898ce-4ed8-4558-a3fd-56342f9944e4) by [Robinson](https://www.fab.com/sellers/Robinson), licensed through the [Fab Standard License] license, purchased
- [Pile Of Clothes](https://skfb.ly/oWUEu) by Neoniclide, licensed through [CC-BY 4.0]
- [Laundry Basket 1  - 3D Scan](https://skfb.ly/owosP) by Alben Tan, licensed through [CC-BY 4.0]
- [pile of clothes](https://skfb.ly/oSnQX) by vicente betoret ferrero, licensed through [CC-BY 4.0]
- [Kilppad Dawn 1](https://polyhaven.com/a/klippad_dawn_1) by [Greg Zaal](https://gregzaal.com/), licensed through [CC0]
- Font [Noto Sans](https://fonts.google.com/noto/specimen/Noto+Sans) by Google, licensed through the [SIL-OFL] license.
- Font [OpenDyslexic](https://antijingoist.itch.io/opendyslexic) by Google, licensed through the [SIL-OFL] license.
- Everything else done by [Diogo de Andrade], licensed through the [CC0] license.

## Sound

- Voices by [ElevenLab](https://elevenlabs.io/)
- Everything else done by [Diogo de Andrade], licensed through the [CC0] license.

## Code

- Some code was adapted/refactored from [Okapi Kit], [MIT] license.
- Uses [Unity Common], [MIT] license.
- [NaughtyAttributes] by Denis Rizov available through the [MIT] license: https://github.com/dbrizov/NaughtyAttributes.git#upm
- All remaining game source code by Diogo de Andrade is licensed under the [MIT] license.

## Metadata

- Autor: [Diogo de Andrade]

[Diogo de Andrade]:https://github.com/DiogoDeAndrade
[CC0]:https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
[CC-BY 3.0]:https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
[CC-BY-NC 3.0]:https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/
[CC-BY-SA 4.0]:http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[CC-BY 4.0]:https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[CC-BY-NC 4.0]:https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/
[OkapiKit]:https://github.com/VideojogosLusofona/OkapiKit
[Unity Common]:https://github.com/DiogoDeAndrade/UnityCommon
[Global Game Jam'25]:https://globalgamejam.org/
[Wilson Almeida]:https://wilson.itch.io/
[Fab Standard License]:https://www.fab.com/eula
[SIL-OFL]:https://openfontlicense.org/open-font-license-official-text/
[MIT]:LICENSE

Commit message:

Added a lot of tools on the WSKit
Player can now pickup the jacket after searching for it

README.md, after:

# ONE ROOM

Developed for the September/October [Game Creators Club](https://game-creators-club.itch.io/) at Lusofona University, with theme "One Room".

## Game


## Todo

* Actions
  * Run animation
* Inventory System
  * Lamp
  * Key
* Puzzle Logic system
  * Open drawer
  * Get bulb
  * Use bulb on lamp
  * Pickup key
  * Use key on door
  * Door open
* Display inventory
* Design game
* VR

## Art

- [90's Bedroom](https://www.fab.com/listings/0d3898ce-4ed8-4558-a3fd-56342f9944e4) by [Robinson](https://www.fab.com/sellers/Robinson), licensed through the [Fab Standard License] license, purchased
- [Pile Of Clothes](https://skfb.ly/oWUEu) by Neoniclide, licensed through [CC-BY 4.0]
- [Laundry Basket 1  - 3D Scan](https://skfb.ly/owosP) by Alben Tan, licensed through [CC-BY 4.0]
- [pile of clothes](https://skfb.ly/oSnQX) by vicente betoret ferrero, licensed through [CC-BY 4.0]
- [Kilppad Dawn 1](https://polyhaven.com/a/klippad_dawn_1) by [Greg Zaal](https://gregzaal.com/), licensed through [CC0]
- [Door icons](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/door) created by Good Ware - [Flaticon], free for personal and commercial use with attribution.
- [Grab icons](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/grab) created by Freepik - [Flaticon], free for personal and commercial use with attribution.
- Font [Noto Sans](https://fonts.google.com/noto/specimen/Noto+Sans) by Google, licensed through the [SIL-OFL] license.
- Font [OpenDyslexic](https://antijingoist.itch.io/opendyslexic) by Google, licensed through the [SIL-OFL] license.
- Everything else done by [Diogo de Andrade], licensed through the [CC0] license.

## Sound

- Voices by [ElevenLab](https://elevenlabs.io/)
- Everything else done by [Diogo de Andrade], licensed through the [CC0] license.

## Code

- Some code was adapted/refactored from [Okapi Kit], [MIT] license.
- Uses [Unity Common], [MIT] license.
- [NaughtyAttributes] by Denis Rizov available through the [MIT] license: https://github.com/dbrizov/NaughtyAttributes.git#upm
- All remaining game source code by Diogo de Andrade is licensed under the [MIT] license.

## Metadata

- Autor: [Diogo de Andrade]

[Diogo de Andrade]:https://github.com/DiogoDeAndrade
[CC0]:https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
[CC-BY 3.0]:https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
[CC-BY-NC 3.0]:https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/
[CC-BY-SA 4.0]:http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[CC-BY 4.0]:https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[CC-BY-NC 4.0]:https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/
[OkapiKit]:https://github.com/VideojogosLusofona/OkapiKit
[Unity Common]:https://github.com/DiogoDeAndrade/UnityCommon
[Global Game Jam'25]:https://globalgamejam.org/
[Wilson Almeida]:https://wilson.itch.io/
[Fab Standard License]:https://www.fab.com/eula
[Flaticon]:https://www.flaticon.com/
[SIL-OFL]:https://openfontlicense.org/open-font-license-official-text/
[MIT]:LICENSE
